Update Board & Governance page for the 2026-2027 board (#1208)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: content/en/about/board/_index.md

{{< /board-member >}}

{{< board-member name="Guilherme Dellagustin" image="/images/about/Guilherme_Dellagustin.jpg" style="bg-light" >}}
Guilherme Dellagustin is InnerSource Officer at SAP, where he drives InnerSource adoption through presentations, event organization, mentoring, and leading by example.
He has been with SAP since 2010, working as a developer and senior developer on payroll solutions across Latin America and Europe before taking on the InnerSource Officer role, and has been promoting InnerSource at SAP and across the industry since 2019.
In his own words, promoting InnerSource is how he spreads the culture and values of open source.
Guilherme organized the European leg of the InnerSource Summit 2025, is a consistent presence in the <a href="https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/ispo-working-group/">InnerSource Program Office Working Group (ISPO WG)</a> and the LATAM community, and has given several presentations on InnerSource practice.
He holds a degree in physics from the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul.
{{< /board-member >}}

{{< board-member name="Isabel Drost-Fromm" image="/images/about/Isabel_Drost-Fromm.jpeg" >}}

> Isabel Drost-Fromm is Open Source Strategist at Europace AG Germany. She`s a member of the Apache Software Foundation, co-founder of Apache Mahout and mentored several incubating projects. Isabel is interested in all things FOSS, search and text mining with a decent machine learning background. True to the nature of people living in Berlin she loves having friends fly in for a brief visit - as a result she co-founded and is still one of the creative heads behind Berlin Buzzwords, a tech conference on all things search, scale and storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Isabel Drost-Fromm is Open Source Strategist at Europace AG Germany. She`s a member of the Apache Software Foundation, co-founder of Apache Mahout and mentored several incubating projects. Isabel is interested in all things FOSS, search and text mining with a decent machine learning background. True to the nature of people living in Berlin she loves having friends visit - as a result she co-founded and is still one of the creative heads behind Berlin Buzzwords, a tech conference on all things search, scale and storage as well as FOSS Backstage, a conference on all things FOSS beyond code including legal, funding, community, security and more.
```
